# 16a_project
16A Final Project: VORDLE

Group Members: Aubrey Gilman, Annaka Schone, and Uno Thurfjell

Project Description: VORDLE is our own version of the popular online game Wordle, except renamed to ‘VORDLE” to pay homage to our TA, Vishnu! The basic concept of the game is that there is a random five-letter word in the system, and you have six tries to figure out the correct word. Similar concept to Mastermind, with every guess you make, the game will tell you if each letter is correct and in the right spot, correct and in the wrong spot, or incorrect and not in the word, allowing the player to deduce what the word might be. It includes extra features in contrast to the original game, including background music, a timer, unlimited words rather than a daily word, and other fun add-ons!

Package Installation: For this project, we installed the Pygame package in order to develop the game. We used the latest version of Pygame, Pygame 3.9. To easily install the Pygame package, we used the PIP installation tool, and then inputted the following command in the terminal to install Pygame: pip install pygame. *still need: "If you used the conda line above, your instruction should have the line conda create --name NEWENV --file requirements.txt."*

Demo File Description: *still need: "Detailed description of the demo file. This includes detailed instructions on how to run it, what output one should expect to see, and any explanations or interpretations of the result. There should be at least 2 figures embedded in this section. It can be screenshots of your game, or plots generated by your data visualization code. Make sure these figures have appropriate titles and captions, and are sufficiently explained in your text."*

Scope and Limitations: This game cannot be widespread and distributed to everyday users that cannot run python code or do not have Pygame installed. As for limitations, Pygame does not allow you to create multiple windows at a time or remove rectangles that you have already created without filling the screen. Because of this issue, if the settings or statistics buttons are pressed mid-game, it will not save the user's progress from their current game. However, we did not see this as a huge roadblock because we made the assumption that users would not click those buttons mid-game.

License and Terms of Use:

References and Acknowledgement:

Dataset Background and Source:

Tutorials Used:



Requirements:
1. Project name.
2. Names of group members (if you don’t want to for privacy, add usernames).
3. Short description of the project.
4. Instructions on how to install the package requirements. If you used the conda line above, your instruction should have the line conda create --name NEWENV --file requirements.txt. (what does this mean about conda lol)
5. Detailed description of the demo file. This includes detailed instructions on how to run it, what output one should expect to see, and any explanations or interpretations of the result. There should be at least 2 figures embedded in this section. It can be screenshots of your game, or plots generated by your data visualization code. Make sure these figures have appropriate titles and captions, and are sufficiently explained in your text.
6. Scope and limitations, including ethical implications, accessibility concerns, and ideas for potential extensions.
7. License and terms of use (probably MIT license).
8. References and acknowledgement.
9. (If appropriate) background and source of the dataset.
10. (If appropriate) links to any tutorials you used, and at least 3 specific things you implemented that differentiates your project from what’s already in the tutorial.
